feat(TF-39328): clarify assessment behavior (#2919)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-docs-common/docs/cloud-docs/workspaces/health.mdx

## Health assessment scheduling

When you enable health assessments for a workspace, HCP Terraform schedules the first health assessment based on whether there are active Terraform runs for the workspace:

- **No active runs:** During the next assesment period after you enable the feature.
- **Active speculative plan:** During the next assesment period after that plan is complete.
- **Other active runs:** During the next assessment period.

HCP Terraform schedules the first assessment during the next scheduled assessment period. To view when HCP Terraform expects to run the next assessment, refer to the workspace's **Drift** page in the UI.

> After the first health assessment, HCP Terraform starts a new health assessment during the next assessment period if there are no active runs in the workspace. Health assessments may take longer to complete when you enable health assessments in many workspaces at once or your workspace contains a complex configuration with many resources.

Reviewer: Suggested change:

> Assuming the workspace can be assessed, the next health assessment is always schedule a set period of time out from the more recent of last apply or assessment.
> 
> Example: The last run applied 4 hours ago. It has not been assessed yet. And, automatic health assessments are set to run on a 24 hour cadence. Therefore, the next assessment is due in 20 hours.
> 
> Health assessments may take longer to complete when you enable health assessments in many workspaces at once or your workspace contains a complex configuration with many resources.

@BrianMMcClain to fix my obviously terrible formatting.

Author: I've applied this changes and make formatting closer to what other docs have.
@BrianMMcClain do you mind to check again, please?

> After the first health assessment, HCP Terraform starts a new health assessment during the next assessment period if there are no active runs in the workspace. Health assessments may take longer to complete when you enable health assessments in many workspaces at once or your workspace contains a complex configuration with many resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
HCP Terraform schedules the first assessment during the next scheduled assessment period. To view when HCP Terraform expects to run the next assessment, refer to the workspace's **Drift** page in the UI.

After the first health assessment, HCP Terraform starts a new health assessment during the next assessment period if there are no active runs in the workspace. Health assessments may take longer to complete when you enable health assessments in many workspaces at once or your workspace contains a complex configuration with many resources.
```

What do you think about this tweak? Regardless I'd say this probably shouldn't be in a note block, as it's still describing the normal behavior. I've tried to condense this a bit, but let me know if you think this is inaccurate now.

## Health assessment scheduling

When you enable health assessments for a workspace, HCP Terraform schedules the first health assessment based on whether there are active Terraform runs for the workspace:

- **No active runs:** During the next assesment period after you enable the feature.
- **Active speculative plan:** During the next assesment period after that plan is complete.
- **Other active runs:** During the next assessment period.

HCP Terraform schedules the first assessment during the next scheduled assessment period. To view when HCP Terraform expects to run the next assessment, refer to the workspace's **Drift** page in the UI.

Assuming the workspace can be assessed, the next health assessment is always scheduled a set period of time out from the more recent of last apply or assessment.

> -> **Example:** The last run applied four hours ago. It has not been assessed yet. And, automatic health assessments are set to run on a 24-hour cadence. Therefore, the next assessment is due in twenty hours.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if automatic health assessments are set to run on a 24-hour cadence, a workspace that last applied a run 4 hours ago and has not been assessed yet receives its next assessment in 20 hours.
```
